Check if binary_executable exists (#11318)
pypa/pip: news/11309.bugfix.rst

> Ensure that a binary executable of pip exists when checking for a new version of pip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the candidate `pip` executable exists,  of pip exists when checking for a new version of pip.
```

Reviewer 2: You probably don't want the extra phrase "of pip exists" in the suggested correction...
